Update Samples (#230)
Azure/azure-functions-durable-python: README.md

# Durable Functions for Python

>  [Durable Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview) is a programming model for describing _stateful_ workflows in a serverless enviroment. Durable Functions empowers programmers to specify their workflows _as code_, meaning that developers can make good use of Python's idioms,

Author: Completely rewrote the README to just re-use the same wording as in here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview?tabs=csharp

>  tools, libraries, and its overall programming ecosystem to implement complex systems with ease.

Author: Completely rewrote the README to just re-use the same wording as in here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview?tabs=csharp

 🐍  Find us on PyPi [here](https://pypi.org/project/azure-functions-durable/) 🐍   

> ## More than just stateful Azure Functions

Author: Completely rewrote the README to just re-use the same wording as in here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview?tabs=csharp

Durable Functions is offered as an extension of [Azure Functions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview). The extension manages state, checkpoints, and restarts for you. Python Durable Functions' advantages include:

* Defining workflows as code. No JSON schemas or designers are needed.
* Managing return values, exceptions, and control-flow using familiar Python constructs.
* Scheduling serverless functions synchronously and asynchronously.
* Automatically checkpointing progress whenever the function schedules async work. Local state is never lost if the process recycles or the VM reboots.

You can find more information at the following links:

* [Azure Functions overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-overview)
* [Azure Functions Python developers guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/functions-reference-python)
* [Durable Functions overview](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview?tabs=python)

## Core Concepts

> A Durable Functions application is a solution made up of Azure Functions serving one of four distinct roles. These roles are outline below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Durable Functions introduces four new types of functions to help build stateful serverless applications. These new function types are:
```

I hesitate to say a "Durable Functions application" and then say its made up of only these four types of functions, as you could have a mix of Durable functions and non-durable functions in an application.

Author: Completely rewrote the README to just re-use the same wording as in here: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/durable/durable-functions-overview?tabs=csharp

So I removed this section :)

* **Activity:** they are the basic unit of work, a task to be scheduled.
* **Orchestrator:** they describe which actions to execute, in what order to schedule them, deal with exceptions, etc. As their name implies, they organize and manage a workflow to completion.

> * **Entity:**  They allow you to read and update small pieces of state. Unlike orchestrators, entities manage state explicitely instead of implicitely managing it via control flow.

Reviewer: Not sure this description covers the entirety of what entities are for.

Also nit: "explicitly" and "implicitly" are spelled wrong.

Author: I ended up removing this specific section and just redirecting to the Microsoft docs
